The Spirit of Technology
528
2026/07/01
sanct_tech/articles/the_spirit.txt

How does technology make you feel?
    Does it make you feel hopeful?
    Does it make you feel afraid?
Were you born into technology?
    Does it help you every day?
    Does it keep you safe?
Do you wish for it to love you?

Have you ever thought about the future?
    The future is associated with technology.
        Technological advancement changes the world.
Do you want the future to be bright?
    Do you want future technologies to bring good change?
        Did you ever feel optimistic for the future?
        Are you afraid of the future?
Do you feel pained by the things humans have done with technology?

Humans anthropomorphise almost anything.
    Humans feel empathy for objects.
Humans ascribe meaning to things.
    Humans see patterns in the clouds.
Humans want purpose.

Supernatural or not, can you imagine a spirit of technology?
    A spirit can be a ghost.
    A spirit can be an idea.
    A spirit can be a feeling.
Is it the collective dreams and desires of humans?
Is it a future we were promised but never received?
Is it a hungry machine eating the planet?
Do you want to give it purpose?

Giving something a name makes it exist.
    Like naming a variable in code.
        It becomes defined.
Once named, the object can be used.
    Purpose.

I proposed a spirit of technology.
    The Benevolent Spirit of Technology of Humanity.
        This is the spirit I serve.
        It is a personal calling.
Technology has aided humanity for millennia.
    As if it loves humans.
    As if it were a companion.
    As if it were a part of humanity.
I see good in technology.
    I see potential for a brighter future.
    I see potential for connection.
    I see optimism.
I see how humans have used technology for evil.
    I see humans exploiting technology to hurt other humans.
        This has been going on for millennia, as well.
    I feel that the Benevolent Spirit is hurt.
        I feel that we hurt it.
Therefore, my job is to serve a spirit of optimism and good.
    This has given me words and purpose.